Core Loop:
1.	Player starts anywhere on the board. (SPAWN)
2.	Player rolls dice. (INITIATE ROUND)
3.	Rolled value determines the number of enemies. (ENEMY DETERMINATION)
4.	Defeat all enemies for round to be completed. (ROUND FINISHED)
5.	Points alloted to score for: (COLLECT SCORE)
		enemies defeated, 
		time it took
6.	Player continues fighting until health has reached 0. (BACK TO 2 or move to 7 depending on player health)

Outside core loop:
7.	If player health is 0, add score to leaderboard.
8.	Show final leaderboard produced through Heroku for player competition.
		Make a way for adding player names, 
		long enough for most handles or initials? Like old-school arcade leaderboards.



Game Flow:
Game opening  to a menu with three options to choose, start game, leaderboard, and settings. 
Leaderboard returns high scores  recorded.  (Set up Heroku for leaderboard.)
Settings will comprise of toggling music, sound effects, narrating on or off. 
Start game will  take player to the arena. 
Dialogue of not knowing where you are then dialogue on a loud speaker on what is happening. 
“Welcome to the Dicer.  Name of the game is Roll With the Punches.  How long can you survive?  Before we get started, check out the rules on the display screen.”

Rules pop up on a screen as followed:
	Dice roll determines number of enemies. 
	Defeat all enemies.
	Gain points.
	Survive. 

“Stop wasting the time of our excited spectators.  
	They are ready for some carnage.  
	Enter the  circle to roll and determine your first round of enemies.  
	Make this worth watching and don’t forget…… SURVIVE!!!!!”

Player enters the circle and dice roll begins for values between 1 to 6. 
Enemies spawn  from circles  on the ground. 
Player fights and either loses and defeats enemies. 
Defeat: Points are allocated for enemies defeated, time it took, and health left. 
Loss: Start over at round one or return to main menu. 

Points: 
Get score total after each round and add up until player  health reaches 0. 
Enemies: +10 points for any enemy defeated. 
Time: - time it takes to defeat all enemies. 
Health: +quarter health left to current health as a bonus. 

